What do you want to say?
Let go! Who the hell am I?
Why do you know so much about buckwheat?
Where the hell is he now?
Why don't you come out and see me yourself?
You don't care about him
Why are you asking these?
Who says I don't care?
Are you trying to say
He doesn't want to see me.
Just want to divorce me
Yes, then let him talk to me himself
You have already signed the divorce agreement
He has signed
What else is there to talk about?
If he read the divorce papers
Then know that all the conditions are blank
I'm waiting for him to come and talk to me himself
Who are you?
Why have I been married to Buckwheat for so many years?
I've never heard of him around
Have you as a good friend
Of course you haven't heard of it.
Because you never put the front row
Treat it like a real wife
Naturally, he won't know what other friends he has around him